Remove Global Error handler. (#2260)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust: opentelemetry/CHANGELOG.md

  - Replaced `global::meter_with_version` with `global::meter_with_scope`
  - Added `global::tracer_with_scope`

- **Breaking change**: [#2260](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/2260)
  - Removed `global::set_error_handler` and `global::handle_error`. 
  - `global::handle_error` usage inside the opentelemetry crates has been replaced with `global::otel_info`, `otel_warn`, `otel_debug` and `otel_error` macros based on the severity of the internal logs.

>   - The default behavior of `global::handle_error` was to log the error using `eprintln!`. With otel macro, user now need to configure the tokio tracing layer to capture these logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The default behavior of `global::handle_error` was to log the error using `eprintln!`. With otel macro, the internal logs get emitted via `tracing` macros of matching severity. Users now need to configure the `tracing` layer to capture these logs.
```

Author: Nice :)
